hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens what you want Wednesday today's
recipe request comes in from the
Facebook user Eric right and he's asked
me to make some corn dogs so let's get
started
he's got budget meals Monday what you
want Wednesday fast food Friday is what
else kiddie it's Nicko's kitchen
where satisfying meals are prepared
so guys the first thing that we're going
to do to get started on our corndogs is
our batter now into a bowl what I wanted
to do is add in some self-raising flour
now if you don't have self raising flour
just use normal flour with some baking
powder added next I'm going to add in
some cornmeal and I'm just going to
season with some pepper and of course
some salt as well now for our wet
ingredients the first thing I'm going to
be adding in is some milk and I'm also
going to be adding in an egg that I've
just whisked up and just give the batter
a really good stir and that's what
you're after guys just this really thick
batter so guys what you're going to need
for the next step is a tall glass and
what I want you to do with the batter is
just spoon in that better straight into
the glass now of course we're going to
be using some sausages or hotdogs now
you can use any variety that you like
I'm just using a standard barbecued
sausage and very important you want to
get some paper towel and just Pat them
dry and get all that moisture off the
sausage and just grab the sausage using
a skewer just go straight through the
bottom all the way up to the top so
that's what you're after there and then
into the glass with our batter I want
you to dip the sausage straight in and
just pull it out and that's what you're
after guys with your corn dog batter on
the sausage now guys into a pan I've got
some vegetable oil and just turn it up
to a medium to high heat for frying and
just grabbing our corn dog just be very
careful and place it down now guys you
want to cook your corn dogs for about
seven to eight minutes on a medium to
high heat with the oil in there make
sure they're all cooked through and they
go nice and golden brown on the outside
so there you have it guys I've just
taken out our corn
I've drained them onto a paper towel and
it smells wonderful it really really
does smell fantastic I'm just serving
this with some tomato sauce now you can
serve it with some sweet chili sauce and
barbecue sauce anything that you like so
let's get stuck into one of these bad
boys just check that out just go for a
quick dip oh yeah oh oh oh now that
tastes fantastic they're really easy to
do at home so give these a go if you
haven't tried them before because I'm
telling you you are missing out if you
haven't had one of these before all the
ingredients are below so check it out
you guys take care and I'll see you this
Friday for fast food Friday so until
then take care
[Music]